update readme (#2)
DevExpress-Examples/gridview-how-to-open-popup-on-a-hyperlink-click-e20052: Readme.md

# GridView for ASP.NET MVC - How to Open a Popup Window on a Hyperlink Click

<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e20052/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This example demonstrates how to open a popup dialog when a user clicks a hyperlink in the grid's column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to open a pop-up dialog when a user clicks a hyperlink in the grid's column.
```

            Html.DevExpress().HyperLink(hlSettings => {
                // ...
                hlSettings.Properties.ClientSideEvents.Click = string.Format("function(s, e) {{ OnHyperLinkClick('{0}'); }}", (container as GridViewDataItemTemplateContainer).KeyValue.ToString());
                hlSettings.Properties.Text = "Show Orders";
            }).Render();
        });
    });
    // ...
}).Bind(Model).GetHtml()
```

```js
var currentCustomerID;
function OnHyperLinkClick(customerID) {
    currentCustomerID = customerID;
    detailGrid.PerformCallback();
}
```

Handle the client-side [BeginCallback](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/js-MVCxClientGridView.BeginCallback) event of the detail grid. In the handler, declare the `_customerID` property and set it to the current customer ID value. The grid sends this value to the server to filter the detail grid data.

```js
function OnDetailGridBeginCallback(s, e) {
    e.customArgs["_customerID"] = currentCustomerID;
}
```

```xml
// HomeController.cs
public PartialViewResult DetailPartialAction(string _customerID) {
    return PartialView("DetailViewPartial", OrderRepository.GetOrders(_customerID));
}
```

> Handle the client-side [EndCallback](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientGridView.EndCallback) event of the detail grid to show the popup control that contains the detail grid with filtered data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Handle the client-side [EndCallback](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientGridView.EndCallback) event of the detail grid to show the Popup control that contains the detail grid with filtered data.
```
